I want to refer you back to your text, Ed, ensure you have the file with a random characters open
as well as the file where we added our database information to.
Those are the two files I would like you to have open to hitting CLIA commands, admin user admin password.
Then add the three steps that you need to install a WordPress site.
WP Core Download, WP Core Config WP Core Install.
When you look at the commands, WP Core download its go to terminal and type that command before you
type any WP CLIA command.
If I type WD Print Working directory, we are currently in slash home slash Andrew.
You don't create a WordPress site in your home directory.
We've already created the directory structure for our sites and the path to those directories.
Slash far slash w w w the ownership.
Andrew Andrew.
That is fine.
That will give us right.
Read and executable permissions in those directories.
The site we want to set up is WPEC ally dot com.
It's changed to that directory inside WPK allowed dot com.
We have another directory public underscore html.
We don't want to install WordPress in WPEC ally dot com.
We want to install it inside public underscore HTML.
The directory, as expected is empty.
WP Core Download.
Success, WordPress has been downloaded, so that's the first step WP core download.
The second step is WP core config double hyphen database name equals database user database POS database
prefix.
We have that information in the same file, our database name.
We can copy and paste it right next to the equal sign our database user.
Same thing again, copied and pasted right next to the equal sign the database password.
You can also paste to the right of the equals sign.
We need to provide a database prefix.
Do not use WP.
Underscore our use for h x underscore.
Select the entire line and copy all we do.
Inside the terminal window is paste that line and press enter success generated WP hyphen config dot
file its top lists and they are all your WordPress files.
The next step.
We need to provide the admin user as well as the admin password.
Go to your file that contains your randomly generated characters.
Select one click next to one of the other and paste that will make a decent administrative user name.
Select another one and paste our admin user will be that.
Let's go back to the file admin user and paste our administrative password for the WordPress.
Dashboard will be that you can copy the admin user and paste it to the right of the equals sign and
you can do the same for the password to the right of admin email.
I'll provide my email address to the right of the equals sign that you are El.
I'll provide the you are all I'm selecting w w w dot domain name for the title Inside Two Apostrophes.
Most of the WordPress command line interface in thirty minutes, click right at the end to the right
of your email address and select from the WP to the end of your email address and copy.
Now we can return to terminal and you can paste that line.
Please take note of the u rl.
It's w w w dot.
Right.
You can press enter to install WordPress.
WordPress successfully installed note above that sendmail not found.
WordPress need sendmail for form submission.
Although we won't be using sendmail it is recommended to install it.
Firstly, let's update the package list with sudo headgate.
Update w ampersand sudo apte get installed a package sendmail.
The package has been updated.
Do you want to continue installing the package sendmail?
Yes, we do.
I also want you to take note of the following packages were automatically installed and are no longer
required.
We want to continue with the installation of Sen. Mel.
Installing Sendmail may take some time, please be a little patient, it's open our browser.
I'm going to type in my domain name without the W, W, W and R WordPress site has been installed.
I'd like to point out that I typed the domain name without the w w w when we installed WordPress, we
specified the u r l will be w w w dot the domain name.
So WordPress will redirect to w w w dot domain name.
It's go to the address bar and type in slash wp hyphen edman.
You can switch back to your text editor for your admin username and password.
We can copy and paste the username and password.
First step after installing WordPress settings permalink.
I'm going to change you to post name, you can save the changes, go to your posts, add new my title.
This is a test.
The contents.
It's publish.
And view the post, I'm going to open it in a new tab.
This is a test.
If I check the address bar pretty Pálmi links are enabled and working.
Let's go to all posts and we can delete the two posts.
Pages or pages, and you can delete the sample page, we can leave our WordPress site at the stage,
a long listing reveals the permissions as well as the ownership.
This is an important part of WordPress.
Security is ensuring that your WordPress files and directories have the correct ownership and permissions
in this lecture.
We installed our first WordPress site using the WordPress command line interface.